Clarify that redaction events are subject to auth rules (#1824)
matrix-org/matrix-spec: content/rooms/v6.md

### Authorization rules

> While they are still subject to them, there are no auth rules specifically for
> `m.room.redaction` events. The actual redaction of content is authorized at a
> later stage: see the [Redactions](#redactions) section below for more information.

Reviewer: I find this use of "they" and "them" to mean different things rather confusing. I think we can do better.

Also, you've changed the link, to refer to the wrong section.

```suggestion
`m.room.redaction` events are subject to auth rules in the same way as any other event.
In practice, that means they will normally be allowed by the auth rules, unless the
`m.room.power_levels` event sets a power level requirement for `m.room.redaction`
events via the `events` or `events_default` properties. In particular, the /redact
level/ is **not** considered by the auth rules.

The ability to send a redaction event does not mean that the redaction itself should
be performed. Receiving servers must perform additional checks, as described in
the [Handling Redactions](#handling-redactions) section below.
```

Suggest putting all this in a `{{% boxes/note %}}` box next to the other one, below.

Reviewer: Likewise for the other room versions.

Reviewer: yeah, I meant it to be italic. There are other references to "redact level" in the appendices, and they use italics.

Underscores, maybe?
